Update readme (#4)
DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how-to-calculate-a-master-property-based-on-values-from-a-detail-collection: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E305)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

# XAF - How to calculate a master property based on values from a detail collection

> This example implements a business class that has one of its properties calculated based on properties of objects contained in the child object collection.  See the following help topics for more information: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example implements a business class that calculates one of its properties based on properties of objects contained in the child object collection. See the following help topics for more information: 
```
